Note: I tried to use as little jargon as possible in this tutorial, so please excuse me if that slightly affects accuracy.
# What is a  Python Environment?
Put simply, a python environment is a place on your computer where you run your python code.  In this tutorial we are going to teach you how to set up, and use your environment.
# What is an IDE?
In programming, and IDE is an Integrated Development Environment is where the human writes the code.  It makes it easier, and more visually appealing for a developer to write code (and keeps Evan from losing his sanity on logic errors).
# Python Environment/IDE Installation.
Downloading Python: Go to https://www.python.org/ and hover over the button that says "downloads".  After that, either click the button below the text that says "Download for Windows" if you have a windows computer, or click the button that says your operating system (for example apple uses Mac OS) if you are using a different OS(operating system).  If you have a different operating system, once you have clicked the button that says your operating system, download the latest version of python(the larger the number the newer).  Download either 32 or 64 bit and click the option that says "executable installer", and if you have trouble deciding what version to download, feel free to ask someone for help.  When prompted to download, allow the program to download.  This will take you to a setup wizard, click through it but a checkbox will appear on the bottom of one of the slides, it will ask if you want to add python to your PATH.  Check that box.
Downloading an IDE: When downloading python, it downloads a program called IDLE, which is a basic IDE.  You can work with that or you can download Visual Studio Code and follow the documentation.  If you need help, feel free to ask!
# Other Options
If you do not have admin permissions on your computer, or your computer does not have enough room there is an easy shortcut instead of downloading python.  Go to https://repl.it/ and create an account.  Boom!  You can now use python now!  Eventually you should transfer over to dowloading python, because it is more flexible and works offline.  This should work for now though.
